docs: Add references to the args and command explanations (#4693)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/test-types/executor-cypress.mdx

  (Run Finished)

       Spec                                              Tests  Passing  Failing  Pending  Skipped
  ┌────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
  │ ✔  smoke.cy.js                              00:07        3        3        -        -        - │
  └────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
    ✔  All specs passed!                        00:07        3        3        -        -        -

Test execution completed with success in 22.204s 🥇

```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="crd" label="Custom Resource">

> The third option to create the Test is to use a Test CRD. If you already have the test created you can check the definition in the Dashboard (`Definition` tab in Test Settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third option for creating the Test is to use a Test CRD. If you already have the test created you can check the definition in the Dashboard (`Definition` tab in Test Settings).
```
